first team to meet Sanders. This is one of the times when it's gonna depend
on the situation. Tell you that one team that I had to leave was
on that ship Sailed. What years were actually fired? I was. So at
that point, the team is gonna have to do it my way. My way is by the
book. My way was to get help in and make sure that we were using the
mobile training teams eyes, carrot, out exercises, any equipment
to speak. You sure that we understood technology and carry out drills
on That was a long slog. It was a very long to do that. I can tell
you that at the end of the day should earn the engineer. He learned
that 12 years leave the only trophy that was in the days when only
one ship this water was a fleet of shit. So it was about a situation.
If you're more than a situation where Dean is right, you have a copy
and just passed. Right? Trey, Everything's great. They built with
centered Sam. Just stay up on that Raiders EJ, stay tight. Stay sharp.
Don't slack off